docs: Comprehensive README for kona-node with installation and usage instructions (#2492)
op-rs/kona: bin/node/README.md

# `kona-node`

> A consensus node implementation for the OP Stack, providing rollup validation, networking, and service management capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A modular, robust rollup node implementation for the OP Stack built in rust.
```
